# technology-reflection
technology reflection DS 100 
#What excited me about data science foremost was that I knew nothing about it. I was intrigued by how versatile it appeared to be, and its focus isn’t on a specific field of information, but rather how to analyze and understand all types of information.  Still today when I tell someone what I am majoring in in college, it appears to me that not many people know what ‘Data Science’ entails. However, I fell in love with data science because I believe we have come to a turning point in human history where society no longer drives technology, but that technology is now advancing at a rate that causes society to fall behind it. Specifically in terms of the use of data and algorithms and how much influence their applications have over how our society functions, there is a very long lag to the ethics and legal regulations that should be applied to modern technology. Additionally, as a species, our relationship with technology has become so deep and dependent, that the relationship itself is becoming a defining quality of human existence. It is neither a good or bad statement, but it is true that we are in a state of coexistence with technology itself, and that this position is irreversible. Despite an individual choosing not to incorporate technology into the aspects of their daily life that they control, they are undoubtedly subjected to the use of technology that requires our participation from our governments and societal institutions. I foresee the next ‘era’ of technology to be similar or a less dramatic version of the Netflix show ‘Black Mirror’ where our personal and intimate data is uploaded to the cloud, and achievements in life such as buying a house or applying to a new credit card will be influenced by social media ratings and connections. 
